Fixing empty response domain command (#25190)
demisto/content: Packs/Whois/Integrations/Whois/README.md

>|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| 15169 | 8.8.8.0/24 | 1992-12-01 |  | LVLT-GOGL-8-8-8 | 8.8.8.8 |

## Troubleshooting

> - The error message *Bad Gateway* (502) can occur because of using a firewall/proxy. To fix the issue try to add the TLD provider (whois) to the firewall/proxy configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The error message *Bad Gateway* (502) might occur when using a firewall/proxy. To fix the issue, make sure the whois TLD provider exists in your allowlist.
```
